Either you're almost coming to the end of this course and you're ready to go on with another lesson.
Remember that at the end of the installation section we had an unanswered question I asked you the following
question.
Let's suppose I want to distribute my thing.
How can I do.
Also make plugins available to download along with my theme.
Is there a way to bandeau the necessary plugins along with the thing.
I think for a moment when I create a WordPress team I can easily make all the files available.
I just need to compress all the files that are inside the Sims folder.
Basically it is what the authors do to make their things available in word Bradstock orgy or in-thing
forest for example.
But what about the plugins.
We have two problems with them.
First most of the time they are third party creations so your users would need to download each plugin
if they want to use them.
The second issue is that all the information in this plugins is not stored in files.
For example you can not make the plugin data available through this theme's folder here.
This data is stored in the database so we are in dire straits.
The theme we created needs certain plugins to work but we are unable to deliver this blowguns along
with the theme.
So I can indeed fix that.
Fortunately there is a very interesting library used extensively by developers that can help us solve
this dilemma.
Its name is TGM plugin activation.
I am going to teach you how to use its basic features from now on K.
To start off as head over to the library website
and here on the site let's click on the download link and the first question you have to answer is where
you use the TGM plugin activation.
Let's say here we used to use it in the theme as say that we distribute the theme in Wordpress or e.g.
And next that seem form the text domain of our theme.
The text domain has been defined in our lessons about things internationalization.
In our case it's called Learn W.P..
OK with all the required fields that we're going to generate the library files.
Let's save it here onto the computer.
And when we open the folder we have a bunch of files but in fact we basically need two of these files
here.
One of them is declasse TGM plugin activation that peach peafowl and the other is this simple file here
that will be renamed later first thing.
Let's copy these two files.
And paste them inside our theme's ink folder.
It doesn't have to be exactly in this folder OK but I'm going to put the two files here just for organization
purposes.
And now I'm going to rename this file name.
Example that page Picchu required plugins that BHB later on you'll understand why I'm doing this.
Now inside the sample file I see what the get are.
The first thing we notice is that it's a very big file that a lot of code and a lot of it is commented
out.
But don't be intimidated by this because it's very simple to deal with this file.
The first practical thing we're going to do is find a way to include this class file in our thing.
In fact this is the true working mechanism of this TGM library.
Above you can see that this is the first instruction that we have to follow.
We must use or require one speech comment to include this class file.
Here we have an example of how to do this using a parent thing which is our case our child theme which
is not our case at the moment.
So let's do this let's comment out this line down here.
And we're going to copy the required one example to our parents from and we're going to paste this line
in our functions file.
It's always the functions file.
So let's open this file and I spaced the line we have just copied here.
We just have to change the path in order to match the actual file.
Let's delete this content here and type in ink instead.
Now let's copy this line here.
And also call the example file that we are going to required plug that page be.
So we need to require these two files here.
If you want it could copy this function here to your functions file instead.
But I prefer to require this whole file.
I think it's easier by doing this when WordPress loads the function file.
It will also automatically called TGM library main class file Well this lessons will be divided into
three.
OK I think this way it will be easier to understand.
So that's all we have for today's lesson and I'll wait for you then in the next one.
Thea.